[Carrie panting]
No, no, no, no. Not the coat.
No. No, no, no, no.
Not the coat. Not the coat.
Not the coat.
[fabric ripping]
[Carrie whispers]
Don't be scared.
[gasps]
[laughing]
[yelling] No!
[crying] No, no, no, no!
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[softly] Fuck.
[sighs]
[door opens in distance]
Rough ride?
You need to sleep.
I'm trying.
It's been almost six hours.
You can have another lorazepam.
No, I wanna wean myself.
Maybe a half.
[sighing]
[panting]
-Blood work?
-Tomorrow.
-[machine beeps and starts]
-[sighs]
Sorry.
No, come on in. Have a seat.
-Is Doug--
-I'm sitting in for Doug.
Jim Turrow.
You're his supervisor.
Is that right?
You want anything to drink?
Uh, no, no, I'm good.
Okay if I ask you
a few questions?
Sure.
You were detained in Russia
for 213 days?
Yes. [clears throat]
And you were interrogated
for the first…
Uh… Thirty-ish…
Who was your interrogator?
Um, a colonel
named Sergei Tabakov,
most of the time, anyway. GRU.
Why'd he stop?
All of this is in the file.
It's a big file.
Can you tell me why
he stopped interrogating you?
[sighs]
I think because I threw
my feces at him.
Was that strategic?
No, no. I-- I was in the midst
of a florid psychosis.
They withheld my medication.
It took about [inhales]
20 days for me to devolve
into a not very
helpful subject, um,
but they kept at it
for another week or so.
I can't give you
an exact figure.
After that,
it's all either blank
or a series of images
that don't much comport
with reality.
Um…
If we're doing this
the slow way,
maybe I will take some water.
Doug informs me you'd like
to be reinstated at the agency.
Yes.
Yes, I would like that
very much.
A security clearance
isn't an option with upwards
of 180 days unaccounted for.
Yeah, I know that.
That's why I've been working
so hard with Dr. Foley
and Doug,
trying to fill in the gaps.
Did they give you
the impression
that wasn't the case?
No. Did they tell you
you failed your polygraph?
"Deception indicated."
So, you're gonna have to bear
with me.
Um…
Which questions?
You said
it was usually Tabakov,
but not always.
I'd like to know
which questions, please.
Quite a few, actually.
Such as?
Have you ever conspired
with a foreign intelligence
officer or service?
[panting]
[chuckles nervously]
So-- so, what does
that mean? Are…
Are you accusing me
of something?
Could mean a lot of things.
Giving up sources and methods,
working for the enemy.
You tell me.
My memory doesn't distinguish
between what was real
and what wasn't.
You get that, right?
The polygraph doesn't care
if you were delusional.
It says you were lying.
I edit my answers
because I don't trust
my own brain.
That's what it's picking up.
Maybe.
We expected that
going into this.
Dr. Foley and Doug both said
it was a possibility.
Why is he acting like
this is incriminating?
We expected it.
You wanna jump in here?
[Turrow] Sit down, please.
You did admit to giving up
the location of a safe house
in Beirut.
Yeah, one that hasn't been
active for decades.
I believe at that point,
I had been kept awake
for 96 hours.
-What about assets?
-What about them?
Did you ever reveal
the identity of an asset?
No.
Maybe somebody who died
ten years before.
No, assets have families.
I wouldn't do that.
You sure?
How much more clearly
can I say this? I did not.
Ms. Mathison,
how can you be so sure
if there's 180 days
of your life
you don't remember?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Parties are prepared
to work through dinner tonight.
Should we take that
as a positive sign?
Just getting the Taliban
to the table
has taken nine years.
So, the fact
they're sitting down
with the Afghan government
at all is a positive.
Come on, Saul, make some news.
It's been three weeks.
At least give us a sense
of how it's going so far.
It's going,
from what I understand,
there's a nice lamb kabsa
on the menu tonight.
-Mm. Okay.
-Ha!
How about off the record, then?
Sure.
Well, the list
of missed opportunities
for peace
in Afghanistan is long.
What do you see
as the main obstacles
to a deal?
Well, for one thing,
America hasn't got a whole lot
of good options.
We're not staying forever.
President's made that
abundantly clear.
We can't just walk away either.
Why not?
Pull our forces out
past a critical point,
Kabul falls in six weeks.
[woman] General Edwards
told me six months.
Trillion dollars spent…
more than 2,000 lives lost.
It's a U.S. surrender
any way you look at it.
Other issue
is the Taliban itself.
It's not clear they have
anything to gain
by a political settlement.
What do you mean, exactly?
Only reason to cut a deal
is to get us to leave sooner
than later.
Which you just said
isn't an option.
Not without serious security
guarantees in place
before we go.
And what's wrong with that?
Nothing, if you think
the Taliban will abide
by the terms of an agreement.
And will they?
Your guess is as good as mine.
President Warner
seems confident enough.
Well, the president's
an optimist.
Me, I'm a spy.
And his
national security advisor.
Don't remind me. [chuckles]
[whispers]
G'ulom's making a statement.
Sorry, I gotta go. More later.
[reporters
murmuring indistinctly]
What's he gonna say?
Do we know?
No idea.
His office only just announced
that he was doing
the press conference.
This can't be good.
[G'ulom on TV]
But we are lions,
brothers and sisters.
Other animals in the jungle
are afraid
of even a sick lion
and stay away from him.
We are lions.
The United States
should treat us as lions.
And we demand nothing less.
Instead, our president
and foreign minister
have been tricked.
Tricked into promising
to release
more than 1,000
Taliban prisoners of war,
twelve of them
responsible for the bomb
hidden inside an ambulance
and killed nearly
100 citizens last month
in Kabul.
I want you to know…
I am in charge
of these prisoners,
and I will never agree
to their release.
Never.
Not even a single one.
[indistinct chatter]
Robin, talk to me.
Phones started going off,
and you can imagine
what happened next.
Where's Agha Jan?
He threw down his credentials
and he stormed off
with the rest
of the Taliban delegation.
I don't think
he's coming back, Saul.
-I really don't.
-Which way did they go?
Agha Jan!
We told you, no prisoners,
no talks.
I'm aware.
The very first thing
we agreed to,
and now, it is broken.
[sighs] I understand
you're angry.
I'm angry,
but nothing is broken.
We agreed
to a prisoner exchange
upon successful completion
of an agreement.
We are not there yet,
not even close.
You heard G'ulom.
Vice president doesn't speak
for the government.
You know that.
What is done is done.
Too bad.
Agha Jan.
Leave now and it'll be years
before we get back
to this point, if ever.
I'm sorry. I truly am.
I have an idea.
What if I was able
to accelerate the release
of some of the prisoners
in U.S. custody?
Say, five of the 32
at Guantanamo?
Would that change your mind?
You could do that?
I could try.
I would consider it
if we get to choose which five.
Okay.
Then we'll stay for one week,
but you still have
to get G'ulom
to change what he said.
[speaks Urdu]
[in English]
I'll call you back.
Khuda Hafiz.
-Give us a minute, will you?
-Of course.
You look peeved.
What's happened?
-You know damn well.
-I warned you.
It was only a matter of time
before things fell apart.
There's falling apart
and then there's
pushing 'em off a cliff.
Pakistan had nothing
to do with this.
We're not leaking details
of these talks to anyone.
Please.
It wasn't me,
and it wasn't anybody
in my delegation.
[scoffs]
You know, you almost
make me believe you.
Then I remember Islamabad,
the embassy,
the two hours you stood down
your response team,
while 36 Americans were killed
in cold blood.
Colonel Jefrani.
[Jefrani] Yes, ma'am?
Show Mr. Berenson out.
[indistinct shouting]
You got a lot of shit.
I'm Gonzales.
Piotrowski!
Huh?
Max!
[Gonzales] Squad's
out on patrol.
Nobody gonna be back
till morning.
Anything I should do
in the meantime?
Stay low. Try not to get shot.
[door opens]
-Doug.
-[door closes]
Hey.
Jim Turrow,
counterintelligence.
-Hi, Jim.
-Good to meet you.
-And you know Dr. Foley.
-Hi.
Where are we?
Physically,
she's in good shape.
Sleep is still an issue,
but it's better than it was.
Her thyroid
hasn't quite leveled out.
-That's from?
-The malnutrition.
It improves when she eats more
or treat it with a pill?
Medication. We're playing
with the dosage.
That and the sleep both have
an impact on mood regulation
and memory access.
So, we're hoping
that her recall
will improve as we go.
There are still
significant gaps
in her story,
but that's par for the course.
She's recovering
more information every day.
It's not the gaps
I'm concerned about.
If you're worried
about the polygraph,
I would take it
with a grain of salt.
It's not something
we can ignore.
[Dr. Foley]
Polygraphs are unreliable.
"Deception indicated"
can mean she's nervous
or lying to herself.
Or it can indicate deception.
We have a long way to go.
This is just one data point.
Look, I--
I don't wanna dismiss
your misgivings,
but bringing in Mr. Berenson
may have been premature.
He didn't call me here.
Oh.
I misunderstood.
I'm here because I need Carrie
in Kabul for a week or two.
-When?
-[Saul] Right away.
We're making progress here.
Put her in a war zone,
we could be back to square one.
Terms of her
debriefing timeline
or her mental state?
Both.
She unstable?
Not now.
It's an important mission.
I'm okay with a setback.
We may be dealing
with a compromised
officer here.
You know she has a kid?
Mathison? Yes.
You know she
signed away custody
and walked into a bear trap
in the middle of Moscow
to stop an attack
on our presidency?
Yes.
Everyone breaks
under interrogation,
especially
Russian interrogation.
They're good at it.
That's why our sources
were protected
and procedures changed
after she was captured.
It's more complicated
than that.
I'm well aware.
What I wanna know is,
you have anything
other than a jumpy polygraph?
[beeps]
Hey.
[Carrie] Hey.
How are you? Color's better.
They're big on fresh air
around here.
It seems my vitamin D level's
not great.
Also, I'm a Russian agent,
apparently.
So I heard.
Ridiculous.
You won't mind, then,
if I pick your brain a bit.
Only if you think it's safe
to be seen talking to me.
I'll take my chances.
Your old friend
Abdul Qadir G'ulom
just fired a broadside
into the peace talks.
Yeah, I saw that.
I need him to publicly
walk back his comments
about the POWs.
Agreeing to their release
is what got the Taliban
to the negotiating table
in the first place.
I assume the ambassador's
already taken a run at him.
And the chief of station,
got exactly nowhere.
Who's the current COS?
Mike Dunne.
-[sighs]
-What?
You need an alpha
to deal with an alpha.
-Mike's not that.
-No.
All right, give me a few days.
I'll come up with some options.
You don't have a few days.
Putting you
on a military transport
to Kabul tonight.
If you're up for it, that is.
You kidding?
Hell yes.
-Saul--
-Don't thank me yet.
Kabul isn't the place
you knew before.
It's ten times more dangerous
just walking around,
and you'll be
without any of your old assets.
Pulled from the field, huh?
Minute you were arrested
in Moscow.
Everybody?
Ones you reported
to headquarters, at least.
Saul, I report all my assets
to headquarters,
no matter who they are
or how sensitive.
'Course you do.
Come on,
let's get you packed up,
ready to go.
Hey, Mike, it's Turrow.
You heard from Saul Berenson,
by any chance?
No, what's up?
I could be wrong,
but I think you got
a bad situation
coming your way.
Bad how?
A compromised officer.
Who is it?
Your old boss, Carrie Mathison.
Piotrowski's doing
hardware maintenance.
We're gonna provide support,
so he can repair or replace.
The unit's on Sao Ridge.
We're gonna loop
around north of D-Cup.
We're going over the 6-1?
If the trail's intact,
we'll take it two klicks west.
If the rain last week
washed it out--
What is he, NSA?
We're doing this
for a cable repair guy?
Back me up, Gonzo.
We already know how this shit
goes down.
He's right, LT.
At least tell us
what this is about.
Mission's classified.
-Oh. Great.
-Hey.
We leave at 22.
Whole thing will be done
under cover of darkness,
which should afford us
a measure of security.
This is bullshit.
Show him
where the riverbed's at.
Okay, look,
every time we cross the 6-1,
we get hit.
Last couple of times,
we lost a guy.
We'll take it slow
'cause you're not used
to the altitude,
but we're gonna cross
a riverbed
right about here,
that's fairly exposed.
You just gotta haul ass
till you get to the trees
on the other side,
about 25, 30 yards.
So, when we get
to the riverbed…
Run.
[clicking window button]
Can you unlock the window?
They don't open.
Thank merciful God.
The cavalry's shown up.
Is it just me,
or is that chip
on your shoulder
bigger than the last time
we saw each other?
-Fuck off.
-[Carrie laughing]
Hey, I want you
to meet somebody.
This is Jenna Bragg.
Jenna, Carrie Mathison.
-Nice to meet you.
-Hi.
Jenna's the newest member
of the team.
She's gonna be looking
after you.
Come on, Mike,
you know how I roll.
Don't waste your time.
Not at all.
She wants to do it,
don't you, Jenna?
Happy to.
Any word on the G'ulom meeting?
Set for Friday morning.
I figured you'd want a few days
to see what you could dig up.
Saul told me I could get a look
at the latest 201 file on him.
Loaded onto the laptop
in your room,
and if you need anything
run down, just ask.
Thanks.
Glad you're here, Carrie.
I mean that.
Glad to be here.
I'll show you to your room.
Hey, Carrie, uh, truth is,
she's a little stuck
in the starting gate.
[elevator clangs, whirrs]
I've only been here a month.
Sorry?
How am I supposed to get
out of the starting gate
if he won't let me
leave the station
without an armored vehicle
and a security detail?
[elevator dings]
I might as well have "CIA"
tattooed on my forehead.
How bad is it out there?
It's bad, getting worse.
Foreign workers
are definitely a target,
but isn't this exactly
what I was trained for?
Here.
-Insist, then.
-Excuse me?
You're in a hard place,
trying to do hard things.
Don't whine and don't take no
for an answer.
[exhaling]
[typing]
[Dunne] Who's it to?
Berenson.
What makes her think
she's gonna have any more luck
with G'ulom than we did?
G'ulom trusts her.
The two of them made
a pretty good partnership
back in the day.
Killed a lot
of bad guys together.
-[line ringing]
-Shh!
[ringing stops]
[beeps]
What's that?
A call code…
prearranged between asset
and base.
Two pings for this,
three for that.
Old-school.
[beeping]
Now, find out
who owns that number.
[Wenzel] Got any questions?
'Cause this is the time.
[Max] He told me
about the riverbed.
You'll let me know?
[Soto] You'll know
'cause we're fucking running.
[Wenzel] You don't
need to worry about it
on the way out.
[Durkin] There's just spotters
when we head out.
It's the way back
that's the problem.
[Max] So, they'll have
eyes on us…
Starting now.
Where the road ends,
the Taliban begins.
Should we walk,
or would you rather go inside?
Let's walk.
I was emotional before
and rude.
I apologize.
Apology accepted.
I've been meaning to ask
about your father. How is he?
Stepfather, and poorly,
I'm afraid.
The MS is starting
to affect his vision.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Must be proud of you, though,
getting the job
he always wanted.
I think he'd
have preferred grandchildren.
You said you needed to see me.
Frankly, I'm at a loss.
I don't know what to do.
-About what?
-You.
Me?
Well, Pakistan.
I was hoping
for another adult in the room.
Seems all you're interested in
is making
what's already a difficult
situation impossible.
I'm sorry. Am I missing
something here?
Weren't you just apologizing
30 seconds ago?
I was. Now, I'm imploring.
[scoffs] Really?
Because that's not
what it sounds like.
I know we want
the same thing here.
-Do we?
-Yes.
Fair and durable peace
in the region.
Don't lecture me
about peace in the region.
You abandoned the region
after the Soviets
were sent packing.
Then 9/11 happened
and you're back.
We've all seen this movie.
We know how it ends.
In chaos and civil war
on our border.
That's exactly what
we're trying to avoid.
How?
By announcing timetables
and benchmarks?
By unilaterally drawing down
your combat troop levels
to zero?
The Afghan state you've built
is a house of cards,
its army a joke.
You want real resolution,
then show some real resolve.
At least make the Taliban think
you aren't running
for the exits.
Policy's the policy.
No way that is changing now.
Then peace isn't what you want.
You just want out.
-[pots clanging]
-[water running]
[indistinct greetings]
All right, we're here.
[Max grunts and pants]
You see the kid?
Where?
By the caves.
Come on, get a move on.
We don't got all night.
They sent the fucking A-Team.
Carrie!
Arman, how are you?
Good, good, prosperous.
Yeah, I can see that.
Twenty-three in the fleet now.
This one, it is brand-new,
10,000 gallons.
Beautiful.
All thanks to you.
Hardly. You built this
yourself, Arman, from nothing.
[chuckles] One rented truck,
and who helped me rent it?
This is for Darya.
I tried to get the Lancome,
but I couldn't find it.
[chuckles] Never mind.
She will love
whatever you bring.
So, who's driving me tonight?
I am.
-You are?
-Yeah.
But I thought
you don't drive anymore.
I do for you.
Nothing has changed,
bribes, extortion, murder.
It is criminal enterprise,
this government.
And G'ulom himself,
where does he fit
in these days?
He's at the very top
of the pyramid.
He's more powerful
than the president.
Then I need to find an enemy,
someone willing
to bring him down.
Maybe one
of the other ministers?
Don't bother.
They don't have the guts.
What about Fakiyar?
I read somewhere he was running
an anti-corruption campaign.
[laughs] G'ulom paid him off.
I hear he's in Dubai now.
He's living like a king.
The law in this country,
it is only for the poor.
[gunfire in distance]
Taliban?
Most likely pro-Taliban
Kuchi nomads.
They are very brave
to be fighting so near Kabul.
I thought Ghazni
was as far as they'd advanced.
That was last month.
Today, they make attacks
on Afghan army positions
almost anywhere.
[firing continues]
That was closer.
I give them free gas
in exchange for safe passage.
I think we'll be fine.
[Arman] Ghazni.
Ah, right, checkpoint.
[hatch opens and closes]
All clear.
[hatch opens]
No checkpoint, huh?
-No.
-What's that mean?
I don't know.
How long will you be?
An hour at the most.
I'll text you when I'm ready.
Okay.
[truck moves away]
Zarawar?
[speaking Pashto]
Yes.
I'm Carrie.
Is your father here?
Roshan?
[speaking Pashto]
My friend.
How are you?
Good, good.
Hurry up! Come here!
Hurry up!
[engine starts]
[in English] Are you Shina?
Do you speak English?
English, Dari, Pashto.
[sighs] Good.
I'm so sorry to disturb you
at night.
Your husband has told me
wonderful things.
It's really an honor
to meet you.
I met Zarawar
when he was this high.
He's so big.
Uh, is Roshan here?
No.
Okay, do you-- do you know
when he'll be back?
No.
I really would like to see him.
Would you mind calling him
for me?
No, I'm sorry. You should go.
I understand it's uncomfortable
having a strange woman
speak to your husband,
but it's very, very important.
And I'm not gonna leave
your house
until you contact him.
Can you please
pick up your phone?
I said no.
[speaks Pashto]
Just tell her.
[in English] Tell me what?
[Carrie gasps]
Oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
I didn't know.
They killed him.
Who did?
The Taliban, because of you.
Because of the CIA.
No, no, that's--
that's not possible.
They said,
"This is what happens
to a traitor
for the Americans."
They pulled him from the house,
ropes on his hands, feet…
tied him to a truck,
dragged him
through the streets.
Oh, Shina, I'm so sorry.
-Zarawar--
-Don't speak to my son.
You have to believe me.
I never told anyone
about my meetings with Roshan,
not even the people
I work for, nobody.
Is it-- Is it possible he had
another American contact?
Only you.
Uh… When did this happen?
Five months ago.
I don't… [stutters]
I wasn't even in Afghanistan.
I was in prison.
I never told anyone his name.
Please, please believe me.
I'm-- I'm so sorry.
You should go now.
Get out of my house.
[breath trembling]
[Turrow] Did you ever reveal
the identity of an asset?
[Carrie] No.
[Turrow] Maybe somebody
who died ten years before.
[Carrie] No.
Assets have families.
I wouldn't do that.
Ms. Mathison,
how can you be so sure
if there's 180 days
of your life
you don't remember?
[breathing heavily]
[Carrie sobbing] No, stay.
Don't leave me.
Don't leave me. Stay.
Stay. Stay.
[sobbing continues]
[man shouting
in foreign language]
[shouting continues]
[cell phone vibrating]
Fuck!
[men speaking foreign language]
[speaks Pashto]
So sorry.
Please help.
[men speaking foreign language]
[shouting and banging on doors]
-[banging on door]
-[yelling in foreign language]
-[latch rattles]
-[man speaking
foreign language]
[banging on door]
[man speaking foreign language]
[men shouting]
-[Soto speaking English]
Are you done yet?
-[Max] No.
-[Durkin] How much longer?
-I don't know.
I thought I could fix
the switch box,
but it's not working.
I gotta swap it out.
[Wenzel] How evolved is that?
Fuck this, man.
It's gonna be light in an hour.
You're gonna have
to wrap it up.
You go ahead.
I'll find my own way back.
[Wenzel] Come on, huddle up.
Hey, we're going.
I'm not leaving until I'm done.
Just pick up your fucking bag
and walk.
We don't have
a functional listening device
on 14 miles
of the Pakistani border.
We're in negotiations
with the Taliban in Doha.
Our people don't know
if they are having
a real conversation
or if it's just bullshit
designed to get us to release
1,000 Taliban fighters
from prison.
Haissam Haqqani
is down there somewhere.
He's the one calling the shots
in a hideout in Pakistan
that we can't find,
on a phone that we can't tap.
He's the guy that slaughtered
36 of our people in Islamabad.
I watched him do it.
You were there, at the embassy?
[breathing heavily]
[scoffs softly]
It's not that you went out.
It's that you went out
without informing anybody.
Mike, I--
And don't give me any bullshit
about source protection
or "better to ask forgiveness
than permission."
I don't need
anybody's permission.
I'm here on behalf of
the national security advisor.
God damn it, Carrie.
There are three teams out there
right now risking their lives
to find you.
Well, I didn't
ask for that, either.
Well, for your sake,
I hope it was worth it.
What's that supposed to mean?
That you got what you needed,
because G'ulom's office called.
Your meeting's
been rescheduled.
-For when?
-This morning.
Six hours from now.
-Fuck.
-Yeah.
Jenna will be here at 8:45
to pick you up.
Hey, Mike.
I need to ask you something.
What?
[sighs]
About Russian cooperation
with the Taliban.
How real is it?
Real enough.
What does that
look like, exactly?
Military aid, advisors?
Both.
What about intelligence?
Are they sharing intelligence?
You bet,
anything to piss us off.
It's what the Kremlin
lives for.
I see.
Why do you ask?
I don't know.
I'm just-- I'm trying to get
the lay of the land, I guess.
Where were you tonight, Carrie?
Well, maybe you can tell me
how it relates to Russia, then.
How what relates?
You're here to leverage G'ulom,
but you're asking
about Russians.
Jesus, Mike, not you, too!
What the hell
did they tell you?
That you tanked a polygraph.
I was in Ghazni, okay,
meeting a guy who used to run
against the insurgents.
He mentioned a GRU contact
in the area.
-Who?
-He wasn't naming names,
was he?
Okay.
You look tired.
You should get some rest.
Big day tomorrow.
Yeah.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
All right,
I'm pushing up with Stoudt.
Cover till we're
behind the boulders.
Durkin, you and Soto
got rear security.
[Durkin] Remember what
I told you about that path
through the riverbed?
Watch out.
This is it.
Remember what to do?
Haul ass.
Wait till I tell you.
[Wenzel] Ready?
-Yeah.
-Move.
[grunts]
[Durkin] Stay down.
Set.
Okay. Your turn.
Hey, tell me when.
When.
Look, they're right there.
Okay?
Go. Go.
Motherfucker.
[grunts]
Come on. On the wall.
On the wall.
We got him.
Where the fuck are they?
Some patient motherfuckers.
Man, fuck this place.
You ready?
-No.
-Let's move.
[guns firing]
-[Soto] Go! Roll out!
-[Durkin] Move! Move! Move!
Now! Coming in, coming in!
-Everybody okay?
-Yeah.
Brace for a second attack.
Viper 0-2, troops in contact.
I say it again.
Troops in contact.
[man over radio]
Viper 0-2 is two mikes out.
I'll give you a ten-second
to-go call.
Negative.
We need close air support.
I repeat, close air support.
[man over radio] Roger…
What the fuck is that?
Am I hit?
Am I hit? Shit.
[grunts]
-It's your CamelBak.
-What?
It's water.
[sighs in relief]
I thought that fucker hit me.
It's water or piss.
It ain't blood.
[laughs]
I thought that motherfucker
hit me.
-Hey, get down!
-[gun firing]
This ain't over.
[firing continues]
Where the hell
are those air assets?
One minute out.
Coming down from Sao Ridge,
where else?
In broad daylight?
Nobody got hit?
My pack got hit,
blew my fucking water open.
You pissed yourself?
No, my actual water pack.
He fucking pissed himself.
[laughing]
No, I didn't.
One casualty,
water transport apparatus.
Cable Guy, he's like a--
He's like a lucky
fucking charm.
Cable Guy.
You're like a frosted
Lucky Charm, man.
You're all right.
[laughs] Look at his face.
He's still freaked out.
-[indistinct radio chatter]
-[chuckles]
You good, pal?
It's working.
[scoffs]
[indistinct chatter]
[man] Thank you.
Here you go.
Ms. Mathison? This way, please.
The vice president
is completing another meeting.
He will be ready in a moment.
Thank you.
You okay? Mike told me
you were out late last night.
I'm fine.
You know you're not going
in there with me, right?
I'm sure you're smart enough
to realize the vice president's
not opening up
with some female in the room
he's never met before.
[door opens]
[indistinct Russian chatter]
[Carrie] Don't leave me.
Don't leave me. Don't leave me.
[sobbing] Stay,
stay, stay, stay.
No! No, no, no, no, no, no.
[yells]
You can't leave me here!
No!
[screaming] Don't go! Don't go!